growth:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from tubes and styles separately for 3 petunia species and their F1 hybrids at 4 different stages of growth. Each source of data is shown as a separate line on the graph identified by the condition tab on the right, with species names shortened to 2-letter abbreviations (Ax - P. axillaris, Ex - P. exserta and Pa - P. parodii). Numbers on the X-axis represent the stage of data collection (1 - small, 2 - medium, 3 - medium-late, 4 - late). Two species abbreviations at once represent the corresponding F1.
color:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from tubes and limbs separately for P. axillaris, P. inflata and their F1 at the growth stage 4. Species names are shortened to 2-letter abbreviations (Ax - P. axillaris, In - P. inflata and F1 - F1 hybrid).
cali:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from the whole open flowers of C. parviflora, C. pygmea and their F1 at the growth stage 4. Species names are shortened to 3-letter abbreviations (Par - C. parviflora, Pyg - C. pygmea and F1 - F1 hybrid).
scent:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from the limbs of the open flowers of 3 petunia species and their F1 hybrids. Species names are shortened to 3-letter abbreviations (Axi - P. axillaris, Exs - P. exserta and Inf - P. inflata). Two species abbreviations at once represent the corresponding F1.
scentold:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from the petals of the flowers, 1 day after anthesis, of 4 petunia species and a P. exserta introgression line in the P. axillaris background, with the introgression island being from P. axillaris parent (IL3-2-axi), P. exserta parent (IL3-2-exs), or hetereozygous (IL3-2-het).
colorold:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from 40-48mm buds of 2 petunia species and a P. exserta introgression line in the P. axillaris background, with the introgression island being from P. axillaris parent (IL2-1Axi), P. exserta parent (IL2-1Exs), or hetereozygous (IL2-1Het). Species names are shortened to 3-letter abbreviations (Axi - P. axillaris, Exs - P. exserta).
colornew:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from limb area of 2 petunia species and their F1 at stage 4 of growth and from the open flower. Species names are shortened to 4-letter abbreviations (Paxi - P. axillaris, Psec - P. secreta, F1 - F1 hybrid). Stages are shown in suffixes to the species name (St4 - stage 4, OL - open flower limb).
s4limb:For this experiment, the RNA was collected from limb area of 2 petunia species at stage 4 of growth. Species names are shortened to 4-letter abbreviations (Paxi - P. axillaris, Pexs - P. exserta).

